OK.
So first we're starting out
with a complex scene. So you are
about to see a complex scene.
Imagine you are describing the
scenes as someone who cannot see
the picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
this scene as thoroughly as
possible. And with complex
scenes we ask that you take.
Roughly 3 to 5 minutes to
describe the scene, so I'm going
to share.
OK, can you see my screen?
OK. So you can start describing
and then I also keep a timer. So
if I like, I'll let you know if
it's going like way over or if
we want a little bit more
information.
#START_ancient_rome Um, OK, so
I'm seeing.
A scene, uh, it's a looks like a
gladiator scene from ancient
Rome.
It's, uh, like a like from a a
cartoon version of a history
book.
Uh, there's even a little book.
There the uh has a title of fun
and games in ancient Rome with
some text describing the scene.
But there are.
Um.
So it's a circular gladiator
ring. There's a number of
gladiator participants down in
the ring with like.
Soldiers with weapons like
swords and Shields, but also
horse drawn chariot.
Things were actually one of
which, uh, there's kind of a.
Comic take on on a glider scene
because like a horse is driving
some some men who are driving
the chariot. There's also a
bunch of fans in the stand or or
spectators I guess.
Um.
And they're wearing everything's
brightly colored, like different
colors, like the the spectators
are wearing blue and red and
green.
There's a viewing booth with
like an emperor.
Um, off to the the top right.
Um, there's animals in the
gladiator ring, also like a
bunch of lions coming out of a
doorway. The lions are doing
various things like and in one
case they've built like a
pyramid and they're getting up
into the stands and the
spectators are running away and
leaving their their cushions on
the seat.
Um, in other case, the line is
sitting down with a a bib and a
knife and a fork and looking
like maybe they're going to eat
a person who's in a swimming
pool.
Um, there are Ohh also Jaguars,
yellow and black spotted
Jaguars.
Running around.
The floor of the arena looks
like some kind of yellow sand or
dirt, and it's chewed up in
different places where the
Chariots have gone through.
The the Warriors are paired off
in small groups like.
You know groups of two or three.
Uh, fighting each other.
Um, there's a few people that
are there by themselves.
Um, a lot of them.
Many of the Gladiators don't
have shirts on.
There, I thought I saw a guy
with a whip somewhere, so some
of them might be slaves.
Um, the walls of the ring are
white and there are decorations.
Um, there are stripes along the
wall and kind of decorations
hung.
Um.
I think, well, there's also
looks like some guards and
soldiers below the emperor kind
of lined up. They have blue
uniforms and red hats.
And they're all lined up in a
row.
Umm.
Looks like.
Some of the people were trying
to climb a rope to get away from
the lions. Um, there's a.
Four people that are making a
human ladder.
Off to the side.
The, uh, many of the gladiators,
like those that do have, um, you
know, fuller clothes like some
of them are. Some of the
uniforms are brown.
Um.
There's a a guy dragging
someone.
It looks like he's trying to
drag him across the ground.
Um, there's one guy who's being
dragged by.
So it looks like he fell off his
chariot and he's holding on,
he's being dragged on the
ground.
There's a lion sitting on a on a
man. He's about to swing his paw
at him.
I see two. In the bottom right I
see two.
2 lions in the stands that look
like they're pointing.
Umm.
It's another other one. One guy
looks like he had on the left,
looks like he has a broom. So
there's two guys with brooms.
Don't know if he's trying to
clean up.
Uh, there are shields. There's
some yellow Shields on the
ground. Um, dropped.
From people.
A lot of the spectators are
pointing with their hands. Um,
there's spectators around the
bottom.
And many of them are pointing at
the scene.
Uh, there's a
chariot that's turned over and
spilled out. You know its
occupants. #END_ancient_rome
Um, would you like more detail
or is that good?
That's good. That's perfect.
I'll share the next one.
OK, next you have another
complex scene. We're going to
share my screen one second.
OK, can you see my screen?
OK, so whenever you're ready.
#START_airport All right, this
looks like a page from Where's
Waldo book. It's a scene from an
airport.
And it's, um, 2 pages. Um,
again, it's like a cartoon
drawing, comic book style art.
Uh, there's a postcard with a
stamp of Waldo there.
Um.
I could read the postcard.
If that's relevant.
It says it's me again, Waldo.
Folks, some very strange things
happen in the airport this
morning. A helicopter chopped
down all the flagpoles, the
smuggler was caught hiding
watches under his beard, and a
herd of elephants was getting
onto a jumbo jet. Weird.
And it's to auto focus under the
carpet, under the bed, down
under. Um. So the scene is like
comic, you know, it's craziness,
there's airplanes.
Um with.
They're mostly white. There's a
couple with white and blue
stripes. There's a couple of
white and red stripes, white and
yellow stripe.
Umm.
There are, you know, there's
some main airplane right in the
center and there are people
getting off the airplane, coming
down the stairs and the.
Uh, the uniformed blue uniformed
airport staff are on the plane
trying to.
Figure out whatever's going on.
There's also trucks and.
Like refueling trucks and
baggage carts dragging.
Trailers of luggage and people
movers. Um, all around. Looks
like there's a fire truck.
With someone squirting water on
a bunch of passengers. Um,
there's an old brown like World
War One biplane with a ohh. It's
a flying ace. There's an ace of
spades card in the seat.
Down below there you see the cut
out of the inside of the
airport, what looks like maybe
like a baggage area.
Bunch of people. A bunch of
again, blue uniform staff. Uh,
there's luggage care service,
luggage carousel.
Luggage going around and up a
ramp.
Um, the security looks like
they're checking the inside of a
guy's code. He has a bunch of
weapons.
Um, they're also checking a
guy's really long white beard.
Um, one security guard is he
took his hat off and he's
tipping it, you know, to
someone.
Umm.
There's a bunch of boxes and
crates and things outside the
airport.
There's a guy on a.
Device that has a big fork in
the front of it, so I guess he's
on a forklift.
Um, some of the boxes are looks
like they're damaged or ohh no
people are smoking. Uh, people
are. Some of the airport staff
are sitting kind of inside the
boxes and smoking and the smoke
is.
Drifting over the over the
crates. Uh, there's a guy with a
tractor carrying with a trailer
blue tractor brown trailer.
Looks like a bunch of animals in
it, maybe some dogs.
Um.
Up in the air. Well, there's an
airport control tower. Um, and
then up in the air we have.
A bunch of really interesting
flying objects. We got a UFO.
An airplane. A big rocket.
Um, another airplane.
Another one of those like World
War One, old old style biplanes,
big, big Zeppelin blimp.
Looks like a supersonic jet. And
then there's an airplane that
looks like it has eagle wings
instead of the regular airplane
wings.
Um, there's a runway, um, in the
background along the tree line.
And a bunch of people look like
they're running on it like they
were track and field runners.
Uh, we've got a bunch of flags.
Um, there's an American flag.
Looks like maybe an England
flag, a Germany flag, Italy.
A helicopter is touching down.
It's knocked some of the flags
down. There's a hot air balloon.
Um, that looks like the staff is
filling.
And um.
There's a different observation
decks on top of the airport and
on top of the.
Uh, the airport control tower.
Where people are looking out at
things.
There's a plane where the nose
is opened up and people are
coming out from the front of the
plane.
There's an airplane
with a door that's open and
there's no stairs. The stairs
aren't in place yet, so people
are falling out onto the ground. #END_airport
Yeah, we.
More detail so good.
OK, perfect. Let me.
Stop sharing. OK, let's see
what we have next.
Ohh, you have another scene
next.
OK, can you see my screen? I
can. OK, so same thing. Begin
when you're ready.
#START_picture_this Um, so so
large drawing. Um looks like 2
pages from a book. There's a.
Um, bunch of.
Squares and rectangles with
pictures on them and a note in
the top left that says picture
this.
Few look at all these framed
portraits, although they may be
colored differently. Some of
these are characters I have met
on other travels. There are also
some who appear elsewhere in
this book.
Can you spot 4 characters that
appear twice in this spectacular
display?
Um, so the the picture frames
are they look like picture
frames, wooden picture frames
just kind of scattered and
laying on all across the pages
and on top of each other.
Um, some of them are large, some
of them are small.
Uh, they all have. Almost all of
them have people.
Um.
There's a a dragon.
A dog sitting up.
Um, two guys wearing a crazy hat
that's connected. Um, some
people laying down and someone's
pouring water on them from a
jar.
Uh, there's a man in a business
suit. Um.
There's, I don't know, like a
bodybuilder or somebody carrying
some logs.
Umm.
There's um.
Somebody in white clothing with
a stack of hats on them.
There's a couple of knights.
They have like a sword and a
spear, and there's a caveman
with, you know, the the.
The wheel carved out of a rock.
Uh, looks like Abraham Lincoln
with a really tall hat.
A hippopotamus, there's a.
A fellow standing next to a palm
tree.
There's it looked like another
caveman and a big wart hog like
monster. There's a bear tapping
a caveman on the shoulder.
There's a.
Guys skiing with a red ski mask.
Um, there's.
Two people in Red one looks like
he's climbing a ladder.
Um, somebody, ohh, somebody on a
motorcycle with a flat tire and
he's got.
Kind of storm clouds coming on
his head. Looks like he's mad.
Um.
Another funny bodybuilder with
like big legs and skinny upper
body.
There's a hand with something on
the fingers, like maybe rings or
string.
Um, somebody running?
It looks like it like a Daniel
Boone character with a.
Uh, the animal skin cap.
Wizard. Maybe with a traffic
cone or wizard hat?
looks.
There's a Viking being carried
away by a Viking woman.
And he's got the yellow beard
and the biking hat.
Um, this guy with a blue Big
Blue backpack, another gentleman
in a business suit, in a
briefcase, and a umbrella and
flippers.
Like swimming flippers, there's
a guy that looks like he's
looking at a dinosaur skeleton
and his glasses have
Falling off.
A2  headed fish facing with
faces facing opposite
directions.
Another caveman and woman.
a guy with a couple of flags,
red and green flags.
Uh, looks like another soldier
and somebody thinking about a
teddy bear.
A couple of couple of knights
with their helmets and face
masks on.
Mommy trees sticking its tongue
out at us.
And then
there's there's one caveman on
the page that is not in a
picture frame. It looks like
he's gonna walk off the paper. #END_picture_this
Would you like any more detail?
No, that's perfect. Let me stop
sharing.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, one second.
All right, there we go. Can you
see my screen? I can. OK. So
just start when you're ready.
Same thing as before. OK all
right. #START_wild_west Looks
like we've got another picture
from like a. Where's Waldo book.
There's a.
Oh, maybe like there's a movie.
Um, movie clapboard.
It's black and white and it says
the wild, Wild West. It's got a
picture of Waldo.
Um, and it's going to message
about a wild Western.
Umm.
View here.
Yeehaw Weather watchers, have
you ever seen such a wild, wild
Western? You're comes the wagon
train streaming into town, the
gold rush is on, and the Cowboys
running off into the sunset.
There's so much action, so much
excitement. I wonder if the real
Wild West was as bright and
colorful as this.
It is very bright and colorful.
Um, all the buildings are, you
know.
Really bright Blues and greens
and yellows and Reds.
Um and uh, there's it's kind of
like a town layout, like there's
streets and a bunch of
buildings, but it's.
Yeah, it looks like a movie set.
Um, they aren't real buildings
there, um.
They're like storefronts and
building fronts. Um, but you can
see kind of scaffolding behind
them.
But.
Kind of going around. Uh.
Straining bottom left and
clockwise, there's a jail.
There's a hotel saloon, a
general store.
Um, another pioneer saloon.
A bunch of saloons, bunch of
hotels.
We've got one, one more saloon,
a bank, many. Many of the
buildings are two stories and
there are people on like
balconies.
Um, one of the buildings is
getting painted red by a bunch
of people.
There are ladders for people to
paint the roof and then there's
a ladder on another building for
someone to get up on the roof.
Um, the bottom right. There's a
train coming in. Red Train
steam, you know, coming out of
the smokestack.
Uh, looks like it's got to stop.
Um.
There are people with bags.
A lot of cowboy boots, a lot of
cowboy hats.
The people themselves are
wearing a bunch of different
colors, like Reds and greens
and.
Uh, there's a horse. Um.
Pointing to a picture of a wagon
painting, maybe?
Umm.
On the jail there are some
wanted posters.
Um, looks like one of the one of
the prisoners is trying to with
white and black stripes is
trying to escape out the
chimney.
Um, there are gold mines on the
left. Um.
The ground. The ground is yellow
if it's supposed to be dirt or
or gold, but.
Or people coming up out of the
gold mines.
Um, looks like there's a a
robber running across the.
The roofs. He's got a bag of
money in his hand and a bandana
on his face and there's a
sheriff looking fellow.
Pointing at him to, you know,
get him to stop.
There's actually a cowboy, like
riding into a picture of the
sunset, but it's like a big.
Big picture looks like he's
going to break through it.
Or he is breaking through it.
That sunset picture of a desert
has got a couple of green cacti.
Um, some hills and some sunbeams
coming out of the the setting
sun.
There's a cactus in the middle
of the street.
Umm.
It's really crowded. There's a
lot of people.
Umm.
Oh, there's a looks like a
Stampede, a bunch of cardboard.
Bull pictures of bulls on, like
maybe cardboard or something
like stuck in the street, like
they're.
Running through the street.
Um, get some horses outside of
some of the buildings.
Umm.
People throwin' some furniture,
um.
Yeah, Ohh group of doctors,
people like white
Whitecoats
walking around with suitcases. #END_wild_west
Yeah. Do you need any more
detail?
No, that's perfect. Let me see
what we have next.
OK, next we have our first short
story.
OK, sure.
The directions on one second.
OK.
So you are about to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you are telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures. Describe what
you see and what is happening.
So as you go through the story,
so like you'll look at a set of
pages and once you finish
describing those pages, let me
know and I will move on with the
story. So click through the
slides and then let me.
This story is 44 pages, some
images, some pages have more.
Going on then other pages so.
So what about 10 to 15 minutes
total? Yeah, some. Some stories
will be like a little shorter
too. I'm going to.
OK.
You could begin when you're
ready.
OK.
Um.
#START_wanderer There are two
characters, um.
Looks like maybe a.
A man in a striped shirt and
pants and um another character.
I can't tell if it's a man or
woman wearing a some type of
costume with like.
Bones and horns, kind of like a
black outfit.
And.
Um, they're either miniature or
they're.
Well, they're folding what looks
to be like a piece of paper.
And it looks like they're
they're miniature and maybe
they're they're taking piece of
paper that's on a.
On a wooden floor and they're
folding it and um, they do a
bunch of different folds.
And.
As they fold it, it's turning
into like it looks like maybe
it's a hat and then they pull it
out and it's a boat. You know,
they've folded a paper boat.
And then?
Um.
Looks like they have put that
boat on an ocean and maybe it's
it's now sailing.
And it's coming up to a huge
boat.
Uh, with huge sails and
submarine looking thing hanging
underneath it.
Um, and this is like really
fantastical looking boat like,
not like a normal boat, but.
Something out of a fantasy
world.
I'd be ready for the next page.
Now we see the this paper boat
continuing to sail on the ocean
and um overhead are flying a
bunch of gulls. You know,
seagull seabirds.
And uh, there's nothing else in
the ocean. They're just, you
know, the paper boat is sailing
across this huge, huge, empty
ocean with nothing but the birds
flying above it.
Um, now the boat has come upon
some sea creatures in the water.
There's still some birds flying
above the sky, and one of the
birds has come down to perch on
the edge of the paper boat.
To check it out, and there's
two.
Really unique looking turtles
that have swum up and have poked
their head out of the water,
head in the top part of the body
out of the water and they're
looking in the boat. These
turtles.
Uh, there they look like a a
checkerboard. Uh, their their
shells are like black and white
checkerboard.
Pattern and their arms and.
And body are like a.
A black and white striped
smaller checkerboard pattern.
Um, there's also.
Um, oh the boat moves on from
from that and there's.
Huge sea creature, can't quite
see what it is. It maybe a big
flipper.
Uh, it could be like a big whale
or or something.
And it's maybe like splashing
down into the water.
Uh, sea creature has.
It's black with white spots on
it.
Be ready for the next page.
I always see the we see the
creature. We we only saw part of
the creature before, but.
Now we get a side view of the
ocean, and it was indeed like a
a big whale.
Um.
You know black can't talk with
white spots and uh, uh, white
belly underneath and it had one
flipper. It has one flipper up
in the air, out of the water and
the boat is perched on that, up
out of the water perched on
this, on this big flipper and
the.
The whale is, you know, swimming
through the ocean. Um, there's a
lot of other ocean life that.
To be seen like a big swordfish
with a couple of fish, you know
he.
Uh, he's just swum through a a
school of fish who were trying
to run away, you know, or swim
away from him, but he's got 2
fish.
On his on his, you know, sword
nose. And there's other schools
of fish swirling around in
circular motions.
A bunch of coral and enemy sea
and enemies and sea life and
fish sort of swimming in and out
like large fish and little fish.
Uh, swimming in and out of all
this coral and and sea life.
Um, the boat is continuing on
and is is sailing over.
Over this coral and all the
other schools of fish that are
going along, we see some of the
fish closer. We we can zoom in
and we can see fish with black
and white vertical stripes and a
bigger fish with like even
bigger stripes kind of lurking
behind some some sea frons.
Um, you've got sort of
cylindrical.
Umm.
Plant life and um.
Things that look like little
little trees with like long long
fingers growing up.
Um, also things that are have
wider branches.
And I was just.
So much variety of life and and
activity, the fish and all these
plants.
Kind of all intermixing.
And the boat is, you know,
flowing along over top of all of
this.
Now the boat.
Is seeing some new creatures, so
there are some small. There's
like a small group of Octa
octopi.
Um, or squids with the with you
know, there's swimming away with
their tentacles waving.
One of them has attached to the
underside of the boat.
Um, more fish, more sea life and
then two.
Fish, fish, people, creatures
um.
There are two that are that are
kissing.
And holding hands, um, they look
like they have a.
their head is like a fish. The,
you know the fish head and then
their body is more like a.
You know human body with thumb
hands and can't see if they have
legs.
Next the.
Uh someone
In the boot is um, you know, has
a fishing rod out and A and a
line down in the water, and it's
hooked to fish.
So the the boat is fishing and
one of those sea creatures with
the fish head and the person
body has a, you know, has a pair
of scissors and looks like
they're getting ready to maybe
cut that fish free. What's the
other fish? Sort of.
Some fish look up at this fish
getting hooked and pulled away.
water fisher.
kinda swimming away.
Um, there's a shark also kind of
watching, like to see what's
going to happen next.
Umm.
So the boat has continued on and
now there's.
Um, some fish trying to check
out and.
And see what's going on. So 1
Fish has stuck its head up out
of the water. And another, uh, a
seahorse. Black and white
checkered seahorse.
With a little little cap.
Is standing on the fish's head
um, so that he's out of the
water and he can look at the
boat.
Um.
Then, as the book continues on,
there's a whole cluster of
Stingrays.
Umm.
One of which has a tentacle up
through the water and into the
boat and the black and white
checkered seahorses has climbed
on board the boat and is now.
Running at the front like the
captain.
Um, like a proud captain. Sort
of chest out, you know, as the
boat passes forward.
The boat is sailing.
So it's.
Umm.
So the the water has changed um
instead of just like empty
ocean.
It's sailing through water that
now has like flowers, um, poking
up out of the water with white
petals, and it's sailing into
something that looks like.
Maybe like a a mangrove swamp or
something like that. It's like
trees that have roots down into
the water.
And a lot of leaves, and there
are cranes.
Um.
Bunch of white cranes standing
all over the trees, um, from top
to bottom, standing on the
branches and the leaves, and
there's an opening in the in
these trees that the boat looks
like it's sailing into.
Ready for the next page
Um, the boat has sailed inside
the.
The trees and we can see more
closely the the cranes or Swans
with the long necks and the
flowers that are reaching down
into the water. We see the fish
underwater and.
Or schools of fish, some fish
with dark fish with glowing
eyes.
Um, so the birds sailing into
all this mysterious.
Wildlife.
Next page.
Now we're inside the trees and
it's dark in here. Um, other
birds with glowing eyes and
other other animals looks like
like a little weasel.
Looking creature or something.
And it's it's so dark that the
or maybe like an alligator kind
of see like the Ridge of scales
on the.
On the animal's back and um.
And the birds and these these
alligators like because it's so
dark. I guess they're but their
eyes are reflecting the light
and glowing and some small
little crabs and and things. The
trees are so close together that
everything is in shadow.
And our seahorse is still
proudly aboard our our little
boat.
Now it looks like the the boat
is sailing out of the trees.
And um.
Passed a.
Um, a big sea creature who's
running on like a a lobster or
crayfish.
thing with rains. Uh, like
it's.
It's a horse, um, and as it
sails out.
Um, the.
The seahorse that's on our boat
sees a bunch of other seahorses
looking up at him and it looks
like maybe he's jumped out of
the boat.
his cap is flying One Direction
and he looks like maybe he's
gonna fall.
And join with the other sea
horses.
Um, now the boat is sailing
past. Uh, another huge whale,
that is.
Sort of like sitting up in the
water with the top of his head.
Out of the water, looking like
he's smoking a pipe out of his
his air hole.
And the birds are hanging out on
top of his head. Um. Next the
boat sails passed another huge
sea creature with like white
white spots all the way down his
belly and.
Um, he looks like he's got a.
Fishing rod with a TV or radio
hanging off the top.
And he's standing on top of a.
A collection of.
Boats and shipwreck boats and.
Um, all piled together with all
the masts sticking out and
things like that.
Uh, it's the sun is starting to
set.
The boat is still seeing through
the ocean, but.
You know, there's just a number
of this. The sun is setting and
the moon is coming out, and
there are a number of new
creatures, like land birds and.
odd fantasy looking creatures
like a a
A part jester.
Dolphin thing. Um elephants with
long trunks and wavy ears. A
Jaguar with flippered feet. A
cat is trying to run away and
from these things and get into
the boat.
Um.
And all these different
creatures are kind of looking at
the boat or some swimming or
flying towards it. It's a big
snake on the horizon.
With his mouth open.
Now it's night time. The sun is
set, the sky is dark, full of
stars. There's a Crescent moon,
and you can still see the Milky
Way across the sky.
And a number of night time sea
creatures, um.
With their eyes glowing, I'll
just swimming around the boat.
And they have surrounded the
boats. It's a bunch of fish with
their fins.
And the boat is white and bright
and almost like it's giving off
a light.
And all these dark fish, their
eyes are reflecting the glow.
And they're just in a.
Just in a huge circle
surrounding the little boat.
And they have swam away the.
The Aurora borealis is rippling
across the sky. Huge.
Sheets of light waving.
And um.
All the fish look like they have
disappeared, you know?
Sort of swimming away from this
huge light show.
That's happening above the
little boat.
And now the boat
It looks like it's traveling
next to a huge iceberg.
It looks like a big Cliff with
sheer Cliff walls rising up out
of the ocean.
And a large white surface tilted
towards the ocean just looks
like a mountain inside, you
know, in the water.
And the boat is sailing through
the there are little ice flows
along with this glacier in the
water, and the boat is sailing
through them and into a little
cave that's in the ice. And as
it enters The Cave mouth, it
starts going through these
tunnels that are rounded out.
And um, sailing around the
different corners through these
these tunnels in the iceberg.
And um.
As the boat sails out of the
iceberg, a tentacle with a
spotlight comes up out of the
water.
And then this huge.
Creature.
In a diving suit with.
Fish flippers for hands.
Um, and light coming out of
these these light tentacles
coming off its body.
And light coming out of it's the
eyes and the diving helmets. Um,
it picks up the boat and it's
looking at it, inspecting it.
Umm.
And um, the boat is free that
that creature with the light
tentacles. We see a tentacle
sticking on the water, but the
rest of the creature is nowhere
to be seen and a big huge like
ocean steam ocean liner
steamship has come along.
Um, maybe scare that creature
away and there's a ton of black
smoke in the air and this thing
is really tall and there's an
anchor hanging off the side and.
Um.
Birds flying along the bottom
looks like there's there's more
than one boat and just massive
and they have things hanging off
the side.
And the boat is, um, sailed past
that, and other birds in the sky
again.
Um.
The the huge steam thing is is
leaving.
There's a ton of smoke in the
air.
And um.
You see like platforms and
smokestacks and.
Uh, all the smoke is is making
the birds sick, and they're all
they're falling from the sky.
And into the water.
Kind of overcome with the smoke.
And.
No. Oh, creatures from the.
From the side of the so we see
the side of a boat.
Or a big tower.
And there's a a big anchor and
people are like people in this
tower are shooting at the boat
and and one of the shots has
gone through the the mast.
And created a whole.
Um, and someone has come out and
they're on a rocket. They're in
like a metal suit, and they're
on a rocket boat and they're
trying. Looks like they're going
to reach and try to.
Try to get the boat they thrown
a.
A life.
Life Circle life vest on it.
Preserver.
And this guy has has hooked the
boat and is following along
behind it on the slate
preserver.
Um, as the boat sails towards a
number of fantastical creatures.
Black Horse with white spots and
an antlered thing with stars on
its skin and the gesture looking
fish. Checkered creature.
Um and a.
Like there's a cat and a kite
and the creature with the horn
and the black skeleton suit that
we saw in a Cape that we saw at
the beginning.
are all looking at this boat and
the creature falling behind.
And how a big huge wave is
forming and the boat is getting
caught up in the wave.
And the kite is ripped and two
little boys are hanging on to
the.
This sticks with the kite in.
Umm.
And the the black skeleton
creature with the horn is
standing on a mast and has a
huge paper airplane in his hand.
It looks like he's about to
throw it.
Towards the boat.
And as lightning strikes in the
sky overhead. In the dark sky
overhead.
Uh, the paper airplane flies
over the boat.
Which is free from the wave and.
Now sailing through um, big huge
loops of a huge sea snake, sea
serpent.
One of the head of which has
caught the paper airplane.
And inside the loop of the sea
serpent.
We see more creatures like a
narwhal.
The head of the serpent, again,
because it's dark, the eyes are
glowing, and the poor boat with
a little hole in its sail is
sailing through here.
And now it's it's come out and
it's back into daylight and.
There are narwhals with us
striped horns and blowing water
out of its nostrils, and it's
it's flooding the boat and
filling it with water.
And the boat sails on and
approaches a beach where a fish
creature with.
With fins that look like wings
and flippered feet and um spots.
Standing on a beach that has
litter and bottles and.
Different things on it.
And now the boat is sinking down
into the water. There are
jellyfish floating all around
with their jellyfish design and
their little feet kind of
flapping in a huge striped.
Creature that's different from
the other Jelly feet fish is
approaching the boat.
And the book continues to fall
past the school of fish. It's
getting it's it's deeper and
deeper. It's getting dark.
And, um, the creatures are
getting hotter and glow.
Under the the dark water.
Um.
And.
Till it lands on.
Um, looks like it's landed on
something, and some creatures
are.
Or crawling on it and sitting in
it and checking it out and
there's a bright light and all
of a sudden a submarine. The the
boat is on the end of a
submarine.
That is.
It's swimming up from the depths
and comes out of the water.
You know, and the the boat pours
out the water that that was
stuck in it.
Umm.
And so it's it's up out of the
water and.
There's a big sea creature
latching on to another sailing
boat. It looks like it's trying
to pull it into the water and
the boat is sailing free.
Um, now some walruses. Um are
playing with the boat and
balancing on its on their noses
as others roll around and play
with each other.
And then the boat sails passed.
What sort of fish and jellyfish
and sea fronds and over top of?
And another diver who's inside a
big clam has the the clam wedged
open and is taking the Pearl out
of the clam.
or oyster.
And now there's a lighthouse
with a a buoy um that the boat
is sailing passed and the diver
is riding on on sea creature.
And into looks like a port with
a really long.
Long dock and there's sailing
vessels.
And big, big ships with with
huge sails.
And this little bit is running
past these, these boats that are
way bigger than it. A sailboat
and a tugboat and an even huger
boat. It's just gigantic and you
can see a town in the
background, a submarine.
And now whale is out of the
ocean with the diving suit.
And there's a wall with people
and all these huge, gigantic
boats.
Big smokestacks and the boat is
the little paper boat is sailing
past all of this.
And further into the town and
the port and we see some
buildings and some cranes moving
freight around.
And a little little small boats
with a windsock and.
Um, big sail big big sea horse
with a diving ball on top that
people can.
Umm.
Can ride in to to keep breathing
while they're under the water.
There's a boat that looks like
it's bringing up sea creatures,
like it's fishing the huge
creatures in the norwalls and
the sharks one of the ocean. The
boat is sailing past a building
that says Exploratio or explore
Ito.
Further into the city.
There's a sailing up a river
into the city. There are
buildings on either side. They
have checkered roofs and striped
designs and.
Bridges in arch archways over
the river.
It's night time and all the the
windows are lit up.
And it's sailing. Um passes
stairs leading out of the water
with.
jester and diving suit folks and
all the creatures that like
different creatures we've seen
before, like the.
The antlered creature with the
stars and the black horned
skeleton guy riding on a horse
with white spots.
And it's sailing up these
streets with these archways over
top.
And passed a submarine and a
small boat. It's heading towards
the street lamp. There's Street
lamps and stars in the night sky
and a moon, and it's heading
toward it looks like a little
house lit up by a street lamp.
It's getting closer to the house
and it stops along a brick wall.
And um, a little little figure.
The really cool design costume.
Uh steps out of the boat and
onto some stairs.
And it looks like the boat fades
and this this fellow walks up
the stairs and he's wearing a
black costume, and he sees
someone at the top of the stairs
wearing a white costume and all
you see is feet.
The feet of these
two people. #END_wanderer
That's it.
OK. And then if you need to
take like a two or three minute
break, get water and I'll pull
up the next item while you
sounds good. Thanks.
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
OK.
You could begin when you're
ready.
OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun Um, we
have a cartoon picture of um a
crazy birthday party.
And.
There's a a note that says
birthday party fun. The Penguins
stumble upon a birthday
celebration. Amelia thinks the
monkeys at the zoos seemed calm
in comparison to the kids at
this party.
Hugo head straight for the party
food to nibble on the
sandwiches, while in Arnie
stretches his wings and gets
ready for a game of tug of war.
Can you pick out all 10
Penguins?
So.
This party, um is happening
looks like in a huge backyard.
Um, because we have a, a fence
along the side and trees in the
yard, and also a hedge boundary
with the gates where people are
walking in carrying presents.
There's a.
A round swimming pool where
people are getting dunked with
water and there's a mermaid and
people using water guns, there's
a table with presents piled high
and.
They're orange and yellow and
blue and pink and purple.
There's a long wait, a long
table with a white tablecloth,
and it's a bunch of different
food and snacks, like cakes and
cupcakes and.
Bowls of chips and something. It
looks like a huge pink mountain.
Um, there's someone in a pig
suit at the table and.
A girl in a blue and white
spotted dress. Somebody with a
blindfold chasing someone.
A tree in the in the middle of
the yard with paper lanterns
hanging off of it. A robot. Um,
a girl blowing bubbles.
Little kid in a space suit.
Um, with a like a water gun.
Um.
Someone's giving, uh, like like
pony rides. There's a guy riding
on with the cowboy hat.
There's a person with a Cape.
Uh, there's someone dressed up
as a Viking with the Viking hand
and a sword and some of the
shield, swords and Shields.
Looks like they're playing a
game. Huge bounce bounce house
in the shape of a castle, and
it's got a red slide coming out
of it, or stairs to climb up
into it, and then purple and
blue striped.
Umm.
Big.
You know, things to bounce on
and there's.
People in costumes there. Uh,
there's a Bunny costume and a
bat costume and.
Looks like a Spiderman and a
devil Dracula.
Um.
Someone dressed up as an
elephant and a Penguin. A lion,
an alligator.
Zookeeper with a hat and a net
like it's trying to catch them.
Umm.
And there's a little bow peep
with a sheep and someone with
butterfly wings and.
A caveman and little Penguin
with a caveman outfit and
someone was dressed as a pirate
playing tug of war.
Some people, just as Indians and
soldiers and Vikings.
A guy with a stick getting ready
to hit a pinata little kid.
Um.
So it looks like the Mr monopoly
guy.
And
someone carrying a cake. #END_birthday_party_fun
Uh, sort of good level of
detail.
Yep. OK, I'm gonna.
I'm sharing. I'll pull up the
next one.
Is my level of detail good? You
need less. More. That was good.
OK. Next is a story, OK.
OK, there we go.
OK.
Um.
#START_arrival_1 So we have a
picture picture of a family,
looks like a mom and dad and a
and a daughter.
It's sitting on a.
Wanna show Fremantle someone's
picking up the picture and
wrapping it up.
Wrapping it up in cloth with a
string.
And putting it inside a trunk
and closing the trunk and.
strapping it closed.
There are.
Other things, other items.
There's a.
A paper crane.
An old clock.
Hat and um.
Maybe like a
Scarf hanging on hooks.
A cast iron pot with a wooden
spoon.
A drawing of a child's drawing
of a family, a mom and dad, and
and a daughter.
um a steaming teapot that's
cracked.
A cup of.
Coffee or tea, along with some.
A picture of a boat and a trunk.
Getting packed.
A picture of the family again.
Then.
Umm.
We see.
Well, the mom and the dad.
Standing in a kitchen at a table
with two cups of coffee and and
the steaming pot.
And um.
These things closed in the trunk
and holding.
Holding hands, but they look
sad, like they're comforting
each other.
And we see the daughter, she's
sleeping in bed.
Covered up with a blanket, she's
waking up.
Yawning, rubbing her eyes, comes
downstairs and it's getting a
bowl of cereal.
She looks, and she sees the
trunk.
Sitting.
On the floor against the wall.
And um, now the dad is putting
his hat on and the mom is
putting her shawl on.
And the girl is getting ready
with a coat and pulling on
boots.
and
Lifts the trunk and hands it to
her dad.
And now the family is leaving
the door of their house, walking
down the street.
There's a shadow of Dragon's
tail on the wall.
The girl looks up.
And looks down.
Um, and then?
They've arrived at a train
station and the train is pulling
in and there are others with
standing there on the platform
with their.
Their luggage, and the dad puts
his hand on his daughter's
shoulder and lifts his hat.
And to show her there's a paper
crane hiding underneath, and he
gives it to her.
And she admires it, and gives
him a hug. And.
Um, she's looking and her mom is
crying and wiping her eyes.
And giving the dad a hug.
And he's whispering something in
her ear, and then he takes his.
Trunk and he steps up on the
train.
And he's holding the hand,
holding the hand of his wife and
daughter and.
And then as he leaves.
You know their hands pull away
as as the train pulls away and
leaves the station.
The picture is unwrapped and of
his family it out and sitting on
the trunk and the dad's having a
bowl of soup and looking at the
picture.
Umm.
He's looking out the the
porthole of.
At a small circular window,
which turns out to be the
porthole.
In a large
vessel, he's on a big ship
sailing in the ocean, so he's
gone from a train to a to a ship
and he's sailing across the sea. #END_arrival_1
Next is a.
Complex scene.
OK.
OK, here you go. OK, all
right. #START_deep_sea_divers
we have a picture of an ocean
let's cartoon animated drawing
scroll with a Waldo stamp, says
the deep sea divers.
Then Waldo and Wizard White
Beard came to the watery world
of the deep sea divers, where
many waldos had been before, and
Waldo searched for the 8th
scroll among the monsters of the
deep.
Among the mermaids, fishermen
and fish. And when he found it,
it was time to continue with his
journey.
And we can see both the boat on
top of the ocean where there are
boats that are blue and white
stripes and red and white
stripes and green stripes, and
some with sails.
Strip sails and a lot of.
People with fishing lines
reaching into the deep.
Um.
Lot of people with their shirts
off and wearing life preservers
and.
Um.
One of the boats is capsized and
there's a big shark about to eat
another boat and.
Um, a circle of fish coming out
of the water and flying over
people that are that are fishing
in a a rock with mermaids on it.
And then under the water is all
kinds of chaos, like blue
swordfish and pink fish with
dark mustache or eyebrows and.
Um, circles of fish in or in the
shape of a smiley with blue eyes
and a green mouth.
And there are people. Um.
Under the water, looking around.
I'm walking through the
different.
See frons and there's an octopus
and a big monster purple monster
with white teeth.
Um, there's fish in the shape of
a fish.
There are people with nets.
There are fish in the shape of
arrows pointing to the right.
Umm, and there's a treasure
chest with a fish inside.
So 2 headed fish.
Um.
There are people. A lot of the
people are wearing red and white
striped pants.
Um.
And there's a multi colored fish
that's hooked that you know has
a bunch of different.
Uh, scales different colored
scales on the outside.
Um, there's someone with the
diving spear.
Um.
Uh, people
People holding on to each other
or trying to hook a hook. A
fish, a fish, a fish. Pink fish
with a big net trying to catch a
man.
And then
you can see the sea floor too,
with all the plant life and
there's yellow dirt and people
walking around on that. #END_deep_sea_divers
Where would I be able to take
two minutes and just check and
see if my dog needs to go out?
Thank you.
Here barking.
Share my screen OK.
So this is a story.
And have me click through when
you're ready.
Umm.
#START_journey There's a boy on
a street.
It's a city street and there's a
boy in the street and he's
holding something in his hand.
And there's a red stoplight, and
then a girl sitting on a stoop
looking sad, and she's got a red
scooter next to her and.
Um, inside the house you can see
the mom is in the kitchen
cooking and the dad is upstairs,
um sitting in front of a
computer working, and she's just
sitting there looking bored.
Next.
And she goes inside with her red
scooter and um.
And she's standing next to her
mom, but the mom's busy cooking
and on the phone, so next she
goes to her dad.
Hangs on his chair, but he's
staring at the screen.
And she goes and ohh she's got a
kite. It looks like he doesn't,
you know, he can't, he can't
play with the kite.
And then she's got a red ball
and she's hanging over the couch
and looking at her sister,
who's.
Busy, um, you know, on her
phone. And so she just goes to
her room and she's sitting
there, bored as the cat sleeps
in the corner.
And then she notices.
A piece of red chalk on the
floor.
And she picks it up off the
floor and.
Draws a doorway in the wall, and
the door opens and she walks
through.
And out into a magical forest
with a stream and tall trees
and.
Lantern like Chinese lanterns
hung from the trees and lights
strung around.
And she walks um off. There's a
small wooden dock off the
stream, and she walks to the
edge of the dock and leans down
into the water and draws herself
a boat. And now she's sailing
away from the dock on a red
boat.
And follows the stream to a huge
castle that's that's in the
river with turrets and domes
and.
It's this huge fortress.
And she sails up a channel, and
the soldiers are waving to her
hello, and.
She like there are all these
water, water channels through
the city that she can travel.
Only she gets to the end and
there's a big waterfall and as
the boat is about to fall and
she's falling through, but
starts to fall and she's falling
through there and she starts to
draw a big circle.
And it turns and turns it into a
hot air balloon and she's
sailing away and the soldiers
are waving by to her.
Um, as she's sailing, she
there's a big airship or big
airships in the background.
And she notices that one of
these airships has someone
directing soldiers to reach out
with a net and try to catch a
purple bird with a long tail
feathers.
And she sails closer to the ohh
the they've caught the bird and
they have it in a cage, and
she's sailing closer to this big
airship.
And she lands her balloon on the
airship and runs for the door
and climbs the tower to where
the bird is. The Purple bird is
being kept in a golden cage.
She grabs the cage and runs, and
the soldiers are surprised and
run after her. She runs to the
edge of the airship, opens the
cage, and sets the Purple Bird
free.
But the soldiers grabbed her and
the their commander drops the
piece of red shock off the
airship. And so now she's
trapped in her own cage, hanging
off the back of the airship.
But the purple bird, uh, has
caught the the red chalk and
flies in to save her.
And um, as the bird sits on her
shoulders, she starts to draw a
rectangle.
And she finishes a a carpet
which turns into a magic flying
carpet that's red, and she flies
out of her cage, following the
Purple bird.
And they fly off through the
night, um, and over the desert
single palm tree.
And they land and they come up
to the palm tree and she notices
that there's a purple door, a
small purple door in that palm
tree.
Which she opens and the bird
flies through, and then she
crawls after it.
And out into the cityscape where
she runs into the bird is flying
towards a boy, the boy who was
holding something.
And it turns out it's a piece of
purple chalk.
And so, um, he introduces her to
his bird, and she draws a red
circle, and he draws a purple
circle.
And together they finish a
bicycle.
That they can use
to ride through the city while
the bird follows them. #END_journey
I like that one. I've heard
that one with my son. Yeah,
that's a good one. Or Reddit.
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
Haven't found Waldo in any of
these yet.
Wait one second.
OK, here we go.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, all
right. We have an animated
drawing of an ocean with a
pirate ship and and a beach and
a little book that tells us 250
years ago being a pirate.
Shroomy Timbers and.
As we discover this pirate scene
and.
we have a huge like 3 masted
pirate ship in the ocean with.
Cannons firing and.
People climbing all over the the
deck and the.
You know the the lines and the
rigging and there are smaller
boots like.
Um.
Smaller groups of pirates on on
small row boats and they're all
packed in.
One of them has the black and
white skull and crossbones,
Jolly Roger flag, and one has
broken in half and is sinking
in.
Um, there are waves all around
and there's an octopus grabbing
people and throwing them.
There's.
Um, another fancier pirate ship
nearby
And um.
And a bunch of looks like maybe
they're all.
Well, some of them are. Some of
the boats are sailing to the.
Uh, to the beach where people
were digging and there's people
carrying chests and.
Uh, palm trees and um.
A Cliff.
And um.
People jumping, jumping
overboard out of some of the
boats and people firing from the
boats and.
Umm.
Helping people get back in the
boats.
And you know the people are
wearing like.
Red and blue and some don't have
shirts and some have uh, skull
and crossbones shirts that are
black and.
Um, one person has climbed. A
couple people have climbed to
the top of the tree.
And some of the palm trees.
Um.
Looks like there's some other
fish in the water and people are
climbing on the masts and
dancing and pushing and.
Birds are flying around. #END_being_a_pirate
Yeah. So good level of detail.
Yeah. OK, let me.
See.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, here we go.
#START_campsite OK, we have a
postcard from Waldo that says
wake up Waldo Friends, have you
ever seen mermaids in a canal or
flowers painted all over a tent
or a line of?
Hikers running along the country
lanes I have today. It was just
amazing to Waldo friends. North
of the South Pole. East of the
West Pole, the world.
And um to scene of um.
Looks like a river or canal
flowing through the countryside.
Um, there are streets and
sidewalks and people camping.
There's a ton of tents.
Like big wall tents and little
smaller just triangle tents.
Most of them are playing, but
there's one with flowers and.
So looks like something like a
like a hippie tent.
Um, there's someone blowing up
an inflatable raft and some
people were trying to ohh a tent
has collapsed on someone.
Umm.
They're in the canal. There's a
boats with people sailing and
fish people fishing.
Um, couple of mermaids.
A bridge connecting the two
sides of the the river. It's
like an arched bridge that
people are walking over.
And one of the fields are a
couple of bulls and someone's.
Waving a piece of, you know, red
flag in front of a bull, he's
sort of storming towards him.
Um.
There are.
Hikers.
With walking staffs and
backpacks, and some of them are.
They look like they're really
tired. They're like crawling on
the ground.
Like, maybe they're exhausted.
On the other side of the river
are people with motorhomes and
RV's.
Um, parked in.
Some are big, some. Some have a
single wheel, some have double
wheels.
There's a red and white striped
awning.
Um, ton of people walking.
There's like a Boy Scout troop.
Um.
There are, you know, kids in
their uniforms saluting.
There's 1 1 trailer with a bunch
of smoke coming out of it. Maybe
somebody's burning something.
There's people riding bikes and
normal bicycles. One person has
like a bicycle with a huge
wheel, like one of the old old
timey bicycles.
Umm.
And someone has a dog on a
leash, um, and in the background
is like countryside.
And the other pool chasing some
people, but a lot of fields.
With trees in between for
boundaries.
Umm.
And you know a lot of the other.
But there's also hedge
boundaries everywhere.
Um, to separate these different sections. #END_campsite
OK, next one's also a complex
scene.
OK.
#START_make_a_splash Oh, this is
a water park.
Um, it says, making a splash.
Ever since Peewee and Snowflake
spotted the bright wiggly slides
in the distance, they've been
pestering Amelia to let them go
to the water park. Now the whole
family is enjoying splashing
around. Amy is busy organizing
fun games for everyone, while
Brian is trying to find the
courage to fight his fear fights
and go down the giant.
Giant flume, can you pick out
all 10 Penguins?
Um, so this water park has a ton
of slides dumping out into a
huge pool.
Um, there are slides in a
rainbow formation, like wavy
slides. Red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, purple. And then
there are some larger ones that
have like.
Like they're they're enclosed
and so people can slide through
the tunnels and they're they're
windy. There's a red one that
loops around and goes under a
yellow one and a green one that
loops in between the other two.
Um, there's a big pirate ship.
In the center of the pool, the
kids can play on and there's a
yellow slide that they can come
down off of that.
You can climb the rigging like a
ladder.
There's a big sea Dragon that
looks like it's spitting some
water, and then a bunch of
parents, you know, in the water
with the kids, one with the hat.
Um.
You know, some parents watching
on the side. There's a mom kind
of talking to the kids.
The pool. There's kids on floats
like a one that looks like a
big.
Big frog snake kind of thing and
some.
Red and green spotted blowups.
There's an elephant with a trunk
that's shooting water.
And uh, a lazy river. A bunch of
kids on, uh, yellow floats. Um.
Going around a lazy river and
there's palm trees and people
walking up and around all of
this to get to two more slides.
There's some people don't want
to picnic on blankets laying on
looks like grass. Those
lifeguards with their.
Red, red, life preservers and a
whistle.
Umm.
And um, you know, all kind of
diversity with the kids there's.
You know, white kids, black
kids, dark hair, light hair.
Kids playing with water guns.
Um.
Yeah, more lifeguards. #END_make_a_splash
Yeah. So good.
Had perfect.